{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 There are tree 3 folders and three files;\
The 3 folders are for two java files on computer , Android phone(app-debug.pak) and original programs on the adroidStudio . Both pictures are the screenshots of simple_calcilator on computer and phone(Huawei mate20). The another file is readme. \
      
\f1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I have two version of simple_calculator. \
 One version is for computer in java on Eclips. It consists of class CalculatorPanel and Function.\
It implements the functions of +,-,*,/,^(power),%(take remainder),clear,dei(delete a char). By testing, the complex expression can be calculated correctly. it is not support \'a1\'b0(\'a1\'b0and \'a1\'b0)\'a1\'b1. Take the algorithm of inorder traversal directly to calculate the expressions. .\
 Another version of simple_calculator is developed   in androidStudy. The app name is simple-calculator.It implements the functions of +,-,*,/,%, clear and \'a1\'b0=\'a1\'b0.  I finished developments for the calculator  and debug on Huawei mate20 successfully and generate a app-debug.pak file. \
 \
In the running on Emulator unsuccessfully  , there is a Warning: Quick Boot / Snapshots not supported on this machine. A CPU with EPT + UG features is currently needed. We will address this in a future release.Gradle build finished in 1 m 7 s 298 ms.\
In the generating release version ,there is an error :\

\f0 Generate Signed APK: Errors while building APK. You can find the errors in the 'Messages' view.\
Keystore file '/Users/stevenfeng/Downloads/androidStudio/test1/D:\\ASKey\\' not found for signing config 'externalOverride'.\
\
\
Weihan Feng \
300026516}